---
subcategory: "Policy Configuration"
---

# user_account attribute

**user_account** is a sub attribute in settings attribute within **centrifyvault_policy** Resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "centrifyvault_policy" "test_policy" {
    name = "Test Policy"
    description = "Test Policy"
    link_type = "Role"
    policy_assignment = [
        data.centrifyvault_role.system_admin.id,
    ]
    
    settings {
        user_account {
            allow_user_change_password = true
            password_change_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            show_fido2 = true
            fido2_prompt = "FIDO2 Key"
            fido2_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            show_otp = true
            otp_prompt = "Google Authenticator"
            otp_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            configure_security_questions = true
            prevent_dup_answers = false
            user_defined_questions = 3
            admin_defined_questions = 2
            min_char_in_answer = 2
            question_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            allow_phone_pin_change = true
            min_phone_pin_length = 6
            phone_pin_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            allow_mfa_redirect_change = true
            user_profile_auth_profile_id = data.centrifyvault_authenticationprofile.newdevice_auth_pf.id
            default_language = "en"
        }
    }
}
```

More examples can be found [here](https://github.com/marcozj/terraform-provider-centrifyvault/blob/main/examples/centrifyvault_policy/policy_user_account.tf)

## Argument Reference

Optional:

- `allow_user_change_password` - (Boolean) Enable users to change their passwords. This policy determines whether users can change their passwords from the Account page, and is independent of the policies available under Password Reset.
  - `password_change_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to change password. Only applicable if `allow_user_change_password` is `true`.
- `show_fido2` - (Boolean) Enable users to enroll FIDO2 Authenticators. This policy determines whether users can enroll FIDO2 authenticators to authenticate to Centrify Identity Service Platform.
  - `fido2_prompt` - (String) FIDO2 Security Key Display Name. Enter a name that will be familiar to your users (e.g. the name of the FIDO2 Security Keys used by your organization). Only applicable if `show_fido2` is `true`.
  - `fido2_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to configure FIDO2 Authenticators. Only applicable if `show_fido2` is `true`.
- `show_otp` - (Boolean) Enable users to configure an OATH OTP client (requires enabling OATH OTP policy). This policy is typically used when you bulk upload OATH tokens (for example, those generated by a YubiKey). Enable it to display the QR code to users. Disable it to hide the QR code from users. **Important:** If you choose to not display the QR code, users without an enrolled device will not be able to scan the QR code and get a passcode pushed to their devices.
  - `otp_prompt` - (String) OATH OTP Display Name. Enter a name that will be familiar to your users (e.g. the name of the OTP Client used by your organization). This value will be used throughout the UI wherever users configure or use an OTP Client. **NOTE:** this is only a label and does not prevent users from using other OATH Clients. Only applicable if `show_otp` is `true`.
  - `otp_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to configure OATH OTP client. Only applicable if `show_otp` is `true`.
- `configure_security_questions` - (Boolean) Enable users to configure Security Questions. This policy determines whether configuring security questions is required for users to authenticate using security question. The default value is enabled and requires that users configure one security question.
  - `prevent_dup_answers` - (Boolean) Allow duplicate security question answers. Existing questions will remain, allowing duplicate answers if already provided before the policy/config is disabled. Only applicable if `configure_security_questions` is `true`.
  - `user_defined_questions` - (Number) Required number of user-defined questions. Range between `0` to `20`. Only applicable if `configure_security_questions` is `true`.
  - `admin_defined_questions` - (Number) Required number of admin-defined questions. Range between `0` to `20`. Only applicable if `configure_security_questions` is `true`.
  - `min_char_in_answer` - (Number) Minimum number of characters required in answers. At least `1`. Only applicable if `configure_security_questions` is `true`.
  - `question_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to set Security Questions. Only applicable if `configure_security_questions` is `true`.
- `allow_phone_pin_change` - (Boolean) Enable users to configure a Phone PIN for MFA. A phone PIN is required for users to authenticate via phone call.
  - `min_phone_pin_length` - (Number) Minimum Phone PIN length. Specifies the minimum PIN length users must set to enable this mechanism. Users can optionally create a PIN longer than the set minimum, up to 8 characters max. Range between `4` to `8`. Only applicable if `allow_phone_pin_change` is `true`.
  - `phone_pin_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to configure a Phone PIN. Only applicable if `allow_phone_pin_change` is `true`.
- `allow_mfa_redirect_change` - (Boolean) Enable users to redirect multi factor authentication to a different user account. This policy determines whether a user can choose to have multi factor authentication redirected to a different user account. This is useful for users who have more than one user account but prefer to use one mobile phone for authentication.
- `user_profile_auth_profile_id` - (String) Authentication Profile required to modify Personal Profile.
- `default_language` - (String) Default Language. This language will be used for displaying the portal and all communications if a user has not set their own preferred language. If this policy is not set, the user's browser culture will be used if available. Can be set to `de`, `en`, `es`, `fr`, `it`, `ja`, `ko`, `pt-br`, `zh-cn` or `zh`.
